---
xwiki_debug: false

servername: "xwiki.vagrant.test"
administrator_email: "root@example.org"

xwiki_clojure_version: 1.8.0
riemann_version: 0.2.10

xwiki_user: xwiki
xwiki_group: xwiki

xwiki_validation_key: ""
xwiki_encryption_key: ""

xwiki_mail_from: "no-reply@example.org"
xwiki_database_user_pass: "mydatabasepassword"
postfix_hostname: "{{ servername }}"
postfix_relayhost: "smtp.example.org"
postfix_relayhost_port: "587"
postfix_sasl_user: "test"
postfix_sasl_domain: "example.org"
postfix_sasl_password: "mysasluserpassword"
postfix_tls_support: "yes"
bacula_password: "mybaculapassword"

xwiki_apache_service: false
xwiki_monitoring_service: false
xwiki_backup_service: false
xwiki_bacula_service: false
xwiki_libreoffice_service: false
xwiki_firewall_service: false
xwiki_postfix_service: false
xwiki_colojure_scripting: false
xwiki_plugin_excel: false
